- Trying to repair an old [[extension cord]].
- The [[Hilux]] would not start today when I tried to drive to Albion to have a pub lunch with the North side gang.
	- The brake system and ABS were doing some really strange things which led me to believe something in that system had malfunctioned and was stopping the ignition sequence.
	- I measured the [[ car battery]] voltage using a multimetre and it read as 12.8V. I assumed the battery was not at fault because of that.
	- I acquainted myself with the various fuses in the vehicle and popped out the ABS related ones and tried starting the engine again with no success.
	- At this point putting the key in the start position (just before ignition) sometimes resulted in the ABS light flashing very fast and I could hear some relay clicking in time with it.
	- I then measured the voltage on the battery during ignition and saw it dropped to 6 Volts.
		- Anything below 10V indicates a battery that has had it.
	- I found the receipt for my battery as I remember the warranty was quite long and realised this battery was almost 5 years old!
		- It was a N70ZZLHD MF Yuasa Heavy Duty MF 4WD model.
		- This is a typical life expectancy for a car battery so it makes it a very likely source for the fault.
	- [[Apr 19th, 2022]] need to purchase a replacement battery.
		- Will go to Battery World just down the road and get another 4wd
		- Opting for a "N70ZZLX MF YUASA POWER SERIES ULTRA LIGHT COMMERCIAL BATTERY"
			- The maintenance free overlander series batteries appear to be all out of stock. Even the ones requiring maintenance are listed as "special order" so are also experiencing stock issues.
			- Because I don't have any special 4WD accessories like a winch, GPS or CB radios and I don't do that much off roading I'm opting for this less specialised battery model.
	-